https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmgpBInQzCg - DARIUS Presents UTOPIA  Directed by Currents 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHjSzmv6KXw - AYER   My Hands  Truth x Lies Remix 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w9-fdq3Q8s - V I C A R I    Pasci   Dub 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7C_pSB1ukY - Mahalo   Heaven  feat  Cat Lewis 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1ddsSaIsFk - Eli   Fur   Feel The Fire  Original Mix 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkQXJn758NQ - KANT   Nightcall  Club Refix 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULC2C3VjO-o - Jax Jones   House Work ft  Mike Dunn  MNEK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-4Dtd6mC-c - Shakka   When Will I See You Again  AMTRAC Remix 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ss3knBDPfnk - Milk   Sugar   Summertime  Official Video 4K 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27QbC-KUDp8 - Pnau   Young Melody feat  Vera Blue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_jWbSBCaLc - Martin Felix Kaczmarski   New About You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVnydub5Q6I - Jengi Beats   High  feat  Brave 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XO8PAZBoRk8 - TiMO ODV   Your Love  Audio 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoEhoGt4mIw - Ehrling   Sthlm Sunset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XF8yMCsdp4o - George FitzGerald   Burns  Official Audio 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_XErspeeWqE - Eden Prince   Se orita
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xZq3BQ6lkw - Amine Edge   DANCE  Good Time   Radio Edit 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0ZHlduYJZo - Lovebirds   In The Shadows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx_j4dt01dU - AFSHeeN   Tunnel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJhAcp0R9Zg - Rudimental   The Martinez Brothers   No Fear  ft  Donna Missal   Official Audio 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZ8Mwk3qUH8 - HOUSE  Monkey Safari   Cranes  K lsch remix   Hommage 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJ7aIh-KlSg - Peking Duk x AlunaGeorge   Fake Magic  Gigamesh Remix   Audio 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahSdkFlepJg - Chris Lake feat Alexis Roberts   Turn Off The Lights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGK-pUIuXHQ - Jason Burns   Back 2 You  Remix 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EVZDnArnd8 - NekliFF  Mary S K    Parallel Life  Video edit 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFvSDTRO1sQ - L  Doblado   Lie Alone  16 Bit Lolitas Remix 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjxTb5Ie5x0 - Remoda x Catchment   Cured
